# DiscreteFDR 2.1.0

-   Added `DBY()` for discrete Benjamini-Yekutieli procedure.
-   If input p-values vector includes names, they are now included in the
    summary table generated by `summary.DiscreteFDR()`. For this to work with
    `DiscreteTestResults` class objects from package `DiscreteTests`, version
    0.2.1 of that package is required.
-   Minor fix for wrong p-value CDF indices after selection. For the way they
    are used, this was inconsequential, but may have caused problems in the
    future.
-   Change order of output data: `Data` list is now output before `Select` list.


# DiscreteFDR 2.0.1

-   Introduction of `mode` parameter for `hist()` function to adapt
    construction of histograms in case of conditional p-value selection.
-   Remove `amnesia` dataset (moved to `DiscreteDatasets` package).
-   Function `match.pvals()` is no longer exported.
-   Performance improvement for step-up procedures, especially for large
    numbers of tests.

# DiscreteFDR 2.0.0

-   New features:
    -   `discrete.BH()`, `DBH()`, `ADBH()` and `DBR()` are now generic
        functions. The previously existing functionality is implemented
        in `*.default` methods.
    -   `discrete.BH()`, `DBH()`, `ADBH()` and `DBR()` got
        `*.DiscreteTestResults` methods for processing
        `DiscreteTestResults` R6 class objects from package
        `*.DiscreteTests` directly, so they can be used within pipes.
    -   For consistency of new generics and methods, the first parameter
        `raw.pvalues` needed to be renamed to `test.results`.
    -   New parameter `threshold` for `discrete.BH()`, `DBH()`, `ADBH()`
        and `DBR()`. This enables selection of p-values which are
        smaller than or equal to a certain value. **Note**: observed
        p-values and their supports are then re-scaled, as the p-value
        distributions are now becoming conditional distributions. If no
        selection is performed (i.e. `threshold = 1`), `print()`,
        `summary()` and `plot()` outputs are as before. Otherwise, the
        now respect the re-scaled conditional distributions.
        Additionally, the `DiscreteFDR` S3 class output objects of the
        functions `discrete.BH()`, `DBH()`, `ADBH()` and `DBR()` now
        include a list `Select` with values and information regarding
        selection.
    -   New parameter `pCDFlist.indices` for `discrete.BH()`, `DBH()`,
        `ADBH()` and `DBR()`, which must have the same length as
        `pCDFlist` and may help increasing performance considerably. As
        `pCDFlist` can now include only unique supports,
        `pCDFlist.indices` must indicate the index of the p-values to
        which a given support belongs. If `pCDFlist` has the same length
        as `test.results`, it can be omitted (by setting it to `NULL`,
        the default). If users prefer using `DiscreteTestResults`
        objects, they do not have to take care of this, as unique
        supports and indices are automatically extracted from these
        objects.
-   New functions `generate.pvalues()` and `direct.discrete.BH()` as
    more flexible replacements for `fisher.pvalues.support()` and
    `fast.discrete()`.
-   Step function evaluation in C++ code has been replaced by closely
    optimized inline functions which offer performance gains of 10-50%.

# DiscreteFDR 1.3.7

-   Introduction of `lifecycle` mechanisms.
-   Marked `fast.Discrete()`, `fisher.pvalues.support()`,
    `match.pvals()`, `kernel_*()` and `amnesia` dataset as deprecated.
-   Various documentation updates.
-   Removal of links to `discreteMTP` packages, since it was removed
    from CRAN.

# DiscreteFDR 1.3.6

-   Fixed a problem with `fisher.pvalues.support` that could cause
    p-values to be wrong or NA (Thanks to Iqraa Meah).
-   Added GitHub.

# DiscreteFDR 1.3.5

-   Fixed a problem with `fisher.pvalues.support` that could cause an
    infinite loop when using `alternative = two.sided` (Thanks to Lukas
    Jansen).
-   Changed version scheme from `x.y-z` to `x.y.z`

# DiscreteFDR 1.3-4

-   Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package.
-   Corrected a bug in `plot.DiscreteFDR` function that produced a false
    legend.
-   Added plausibility checks of arguments to `discrete.BH` and `DBR`
    functions.
